replaces instances of VMware datacenter with two words (#78317)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cpmso-yaml-provider-spec-vsphere.adoc

If the cluster is configured to use a failure domain, these parameters are configured in the failure domain.
If you specify these values in the provider specification when using failure domains, the Control Plane Machine Set Operator ignores them.
====
<11> Specifies the vCenter data center for the control plane.

> <12> Specifies the vCenter datastore for the control plane.

Reviewer: ??

```suggestion
<12> Specifies the vCenter data store for the control plane.
```
